We will be a family after Mrs. Nian
Take care
OK, OK. OK.
Siya
But the best child in our family
Give him to Solid
I'm relieved
Marrying into our Yan family will naturally not treat him badly
What's more, he also gave Shi Qing
Gave birth to such a well-behaved and lovely son
He is now
But the big project of our Yan family
I'm the priest first
Thanks very much.
Before it even starts
Hurry up and return the photo
Mr. Yan, I can only help you here
May I ask Mr. Yan Shiqing?
Would you like to take care of Ms. Siya?
To be your wife
No matter whether it is disease or health
Rich or poor
You will love her and take care of her
Until the end of life
Say what?
Shi Qian
Why don't you speak?
Look at the screen
Hey, why aren't you alone?
Who did it? Who did it?
Who turned it off?
Turn it off.
What's going on?
How did you do it?
Mr. Ye Gu Qingqing is your real wife
Instead of Gu Siya